hello everyone this will be a review on
the mow you out long first I'd like to
thank the cubicle for allowing me to
test this cube I really appreciate it
they're a great store and you also buy
from them and check them out
all right so quickly all over what I did
in the appearance of the cube so first I
did about 50 Sol's around there before
moving lubing and tensioning and
stickering and then I lived and
stickered it and a lube tension Sicard
it got better did about 200 solves and
it is where it is now so also the
stickers out of the box were just like
other mo you shades other mo u cube
shades which are pretty nice and but the
good part about the the stickers on this
at out of the box are that they're cut
so that is a plus you may want to
consider not even restricting it they're
pretty nice but I got a free set so I
replaced it yeah if you're wondering
half-bred suppose deep blue but that
doesn't matter okay so to start off the
review I'll quickly do some turns and
also solves will be popping up over
there I think I'm not sure but I'm
pretty sure it'll be in split screen so
just you'll see what I mean all right so
I'll do some turns
okay so as you could see probably you
could tell that the turning was very
fluent right there and very smooth with
minimal lockups but and solve sometimes
on lll since you're going full speed it
locks up and you can't turn for some
reason I don't really know why that is
but the drew Brad's also known as X Town
cuber
has the same problem as I'd you so I am
not completely sure what that is but
yeah it gets kind of annoying but
otherwise the turnings pretty nice the
feeling out of the box was very very
similar to an a su now that feeling
after looming intent lubing and
tensioning that feeling has gone away
and it's feeling more like my way long
v1 you know more of a bumpy feeling
smooth but it's not as quite as slushy
and it's also not as it's not a swishy
assassin and it's not as Bakke as my way
long so yeah I'd say right in the middle
more towards the way long do you want
though the speed is very very fast it's
similar to the speed of the other way
Long's
yeah the Ling Long's are normally fast
most of you probably have them but yeah
this cube is very fast so lock ups occur
occasionally for me on this cube of do
to over shooting because of the very
fast speed and I'm not used to fast
cubes but I can control it but it just
when you're going full speed on ll outs
it just overshoots so yeah the Fen kind
takes a lot more force to turn so that's
probably why but I'm sure if you're used
to fast cubes this this wouldn't be an
issue
you yeah so corner cutting on this cube
is pretty good so I have my keep on
pretty tight tension so it's slightly
less than 45 degrees but you don't
really need more than that oh wow it's
going pretty far yeah okay and then
reverse corner cutting is around three
quarters of a Cuby I'd say I'm loose
tensions it's up to here and then on
it's up to here normally on ya know
sentence but it just kept that so corner
cutting is really good even on tight
tension so popping popping is very
minimal I yeah I'm fairly tight tensions
my cube hasn't even come close at all
but Romney also known as insane cuber
has told me he has gotten some pops with
this cube but I know that he likes loose
tensions so that is probably why he's
getting some pops so yeah yeah so the
mechanism the center caps are very very
similar to the other way Long's so they
they'll never pop up they stay in there
pretty well corners have an extra lip so
I'm not really sure what that does but
yeah I don't know if it helps with
popping or what but you know the edges
have an extra wing which i can assume
helps with popping anti popping
mechanism yeah so so the final verdict
is in my opinion this cube is better
than the other way Long's it has a nice
feeling great corner cutting good speed
awesome stickers and it never pops the
only thing that's holding me back from
making this my main is
the lockups you know in the oldest I was
saying but that may not happen depending
on if you're used to fast cubes but I
would highly recommend this cube to
anyone it's great cube and if you want
to purchase this I'll have the link in
the description where you can get this
cube and again thank you so much to the
cubicle for selecting me to test this
cube it means a lot so thank you guys
for watching bye